README.md, before:

# Projects feat. P1M.ORG @ Open Science Framework (OSF)

| # | Title | Description | Status | DOI | 
|---|-------|-------------|--------|-----|
| 1 | Updating PRISMA: A prospective piloting case study | A prospective case study of piloting the draft PRISMA 2020 checklist. | **Complete** | [10.17605/OSF.IO/MKCB5](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/MKCB5) |
| 2 | Content and quality of recommendations on tertiary management of patients with spinal injuries in Russia: A systematic scoping review | A scoping review to systematically collect, chart, and critically appraise recommendations on tertiary management of patients with spinal injuries in Russia. | **Deferred** | [10.17605/OSF.IO/7VX5N](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/7VX5N) |
| 3 | PRISMA-S: PRISMA Search Reporting Extension (Checklist in R Markdown) | Extension to PRISMA Statement for literature search reporting; the fork adds an R Markdown version of the checklist. | **Complete** | [10.17605/OSF.IO/H6SYK](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/H6SYK) |
| 4 | Adminstration of health care to patients with diseases of the spine: the experience of the foreign countries (a scoping review) | A scoping review on the administration of healthcare services to patients with spinal diseases worldwide, most notably in Western Europe and North America. | **Complete** | [10.17605/OSF.IO/5JGN4](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/5JGN4) |
| 5 | Methodology of CPG in spine trauma | This project aims to systematically review available guidance on development of clinical practice guidelines (CPG) in the context of management of spinal injuries. | Not Started | [10.17605/OSF.IO/982NG](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/982NG) |
| 6 | Updating the PRISMA reporting guideline for systematic reviews and meta-analyses (Checklist in Markdown) | The fork adds a Markdown version of the PRISMA 2020 checklist. | **Complete** | [10.17605/OSF.IO/7AC5F](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/7AC5F) |
| 7 | Zheln Systematic Review Appraisals | A crowdfunded project to monitor, critically appraise, & sort by specialty all new systematic reviews on PubMed. Biweekly updates. | Waiting | [10.17605/OSF.IO/EJKFC](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/EJKFC) |
| 8 | Translating PRISMA 2020 into Russian | A project to publish my draft Russian translations of PRISMA 2020 publications. | _In progress_ | [10.17605/OSF.IO/QDMU6](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/QDMU6) |
| 9 | Pharmaceuticals and biopharmaceuticals for engineered negligible senescence in humans: a scoping review of clinical and basic research | The objective of the review is to identify and summarize basic and clinical research addressing or underpinning the use of pharmaceuticals or biopharmaceuticals for engineered negligible senescence. | **Deferred** | [10.17605/OSF.IO/7MFJ8](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/7MFJ8) |
| 10 | Do Evian v. Krasnaya Tsena still v. Saint Petersburg Kalininskiy District unfiltered boiled tap water taste different: AUCs from two tasters taken in a prospective trial | This is a quick and dirty trial we thought of earlier today (on Mar 23, 2021, 8pm UTC+3) while walking back home from a store with a bottle of Evian in our bag. |  **Complete** | [10.17605/OSF.IO/6JDWX](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/6JDWX) |
| 11 | Patient-reported outcomes of preserved tibial insertions in pediatric anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction with a semitendinosus-gracilis tendon autograft: a retrospective cohort study | N/a |  _In Progress_ | [10.17605/OSF.IO/6JDWX](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/Q2CPM) |

Commit message:

Update listing as of June 11, 2022
- Update progress for existing projects
- Add 2 new scoping reviews

README.md, after:

# Projects feat. P1M.ORG @ Open Science Framework (OSF)

| # | Title | Description | Status | DOI | 
|---|-------|-------------|--------|-----|
| 1 | Updating PRISMA: A prospective piloting case study | A prospective case study of piloting the draft PRISMA 2020 checklist. | **Complete** | [10.17605/OSF.IO/MKCB5](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/MKCB5) |
| 2 | Content and quality of recommendations on tertiary management of patients with spinal injuries in Russia: A systematic scoping review | A scoping review to systematically collect, chart, and critically appraise recommendations on tertiary management of patients with spinal injuries in Russia. | **Deferred** | [10.17605/OSF.IO/7VX5N](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/7VX5N) |
| 3 | PRISMA-S: PRISMA Search Reporting Extension (Checklist in R Markdown) | Extension to PRISMA Statement for literature search reporting; the fork adds an R Markdown version of the checklist. | **Complete** | [10.17605/OSF.IO/H6SYK](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/H6SYK) |
| 4 | Adminstration of health care to patients with diseases of the spine: the experience of the foreign countries (a scoping review) | A scoping review on the administration of healthcare services to patients with spinal diseases worldwide, most notably in Western Europe and North America. | **Complete** | [10.17605/OSF.IO/5JGN4](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/5JGN4) |
| 5 | Methodology of CPG in spine trauma | This project aims to systematically review available guidance on development of clinical practice guidelines (CPG) in the context of management of spinal injuries. | Not Started | [10.17605/OSF.IO/982NG](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/982NG) |
| 6 | Updating the PRISMA reporting guideline for systematic reviews and meta-analyses (Checklist in Markdown) | The fork adds a Markdown version of the PRISMA 2020 checklist. | **Complete** | [10.17605/OSF.IO/7AC5F](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/7AC5F) |
| 7 | Zheln as Service | Retrieving records from PubMed using the published Zheln methodology, then selecting and appraising the records that could be of interest to the commissioner, and, finally, selling summaries to them. | _In Progress_ | [10.17605/OSF.IO/EJKFC](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/EJKFC) |
| 8 | Translating PRISMA 2020 into Russian | A project to publish my draft Russian translations of PRISMA 2020 publications. | Waiting | [10.17605/OSF.IO/QDMU6](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/QDMU6) |
| 9 | Pharmaceuticals and biopharmaceuticals for engineered negligible senescence in humans: a scoping review of clinical and basic research | The objective of the review is to identify and summarize basic and clinical research addressing or underpinning the use of pharmaceuticals or biopharmaceuticals for engineered negligible senescence. | **Deferred** | [10.17605/OSF.IO/7MFJ8](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/7MFJ8) |
| 10 | Do Evian v. Krasnaya Tsena still v. Saint Petersburg Kalininskiy District unfiltered boiled tap water taste different: AUCs from two tasters taken in a prospective trial | This is a quick and dirty trial we thought of earlier today (on Mar 23, 2021, 8pm UTC+3) while walking back home from a store with a bottle of Evian in our bag. |  **Complete** | [10.17605/OSF.IO/6JDWX](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/6JDWX) |
| 11 | Patient-reported outcomes of preserved tibial insertions in pediatric anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction with a semitendinosus-gracilis tendon autograft: a retrospective cohort study | N/a |  Waiting | [10.17605/OSF.IO/6JDWX](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/Q2CPM) |
| 12 | Nucleic-acid tuberculosis vaccines: a scoping review | The purpose of this study is to comprehensively identify any vaccines against tuberculosis based on nucleic acids in development, both in preclinical and clinical studies, if any, and to provide an overview of their formulations of choice. |  _In Progress_ | [10.17605/OSF.IO/X95HJ](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/X95HJ) |
| 13 | Co-designing nutrition interventions with consumers: a scoping review | The aim of this scoping review was to identify and synthesise the existing evidence on the current use and extent of consumer co-design in nutrition interventions. | **Complete** | [10.17605/OSF.IO/7VTDF](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/7VTDF) |
